Q. Tell me about a time when you had to analyze a large set of data or some information and make a recommendation. What kind of thought process did you go through? Was the recommendation accepted? If not, why?

Situation: In my role as a Technology Analyst working on databases, I was involved in a data migration activity. The BA team had already taken the requirements and provided us with the specs for the legacy database. I was a part of 4 developers team and we were working on migrating a massive dataset. We had developed the migration procedures which in themselves were quite complex given that the legacy database was being used for quite some number of years. We were given a very small sample of data on which we had tested 
Task: When we started the actual migration process, we observed that the migration of the actual data provided to us started to fail on an alarming rate, myself and another colleague of mine were asked to analyze the data. 
Action: It was a painstaking task of going through the errors and then analyze the data for issues and then find solutions for the same. When there are ETL errors, the course of action is always to go from the end and then backtrack to find the discrepancies. This also involved quite some back and forth with the client team to understand the reason for the discrepancy, if at all it was a discrepancy.  It is quite normal in migration to find data which does not adhere to the consistency checks built for new data. There is a need to decide if the data needs to be stored separately and what cost is incurred due to that. If all the data is to be stored together then how to take care of issues without compromising the integrity of the new data which would come from the re-imagined solution ? I recommended to keep the legacy data into a separate history table.
Result:  The recommendation was not accepted as the client prioritized the performance of the systems which fetch data from the table and it was decided that the data will be archived as per the SLAs followed by the client. In this case it was more of the priority given by the business as compared to data intetgrity issue which could be taken care by reports.
